Update XREF links for essentials area (#1239)
dotnet/docs-maui: docs/platform-integration/device/battery.md

## Check the battery status

The battery status can be checked by accessing the `Battery.Default` property, which is the default implementation of the `IBattery` interface. This interface defines various properties to provide information about the state of the battery, such as <xref:Microsoft.Maui.Devices.IBattery.ChargeLevel> to read how much battery is left. The `ChargeLevel` property returns a value between **0.0** and **1.0**, indicating the battery's charge level from empty to full, respectively.

> The <xref:Microsoft.Maui.Devices.IBattery.BatteryInfoChanged> event is also available, and is raised when the state of the battery changed. The following example demonstrates how to use the monitor the `BatteryInfoChanged` event and report the battery status two <xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Label> controls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <xref:Microsoft.Maui.Devices.IBattery.BatteryInfoChanged> event is also available, and is raised when the state of the battery changes. The following example demonstrates how to use the monitor the `BatteryInfoChanged` event and report the battery status to <xref:Microsoft.Maui.Controls.Label> controls:
```
